♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Chase] "Pups Save the Treats."
Ta-da!
Digger, out! [barks]
Wow! That snowman almost looks real.
[Ryder] Could I have a scarf?
My neck is getting cold.
[gulps] Real enough to talk?
[roars]
[laughs]
It's just Ryder.
Nice job, pups.
I've brought some stuff
to keep this snowman toasty.
[wind howls]
Especially in this wind.
I'll get the nose.
Uh-oh!
Whoa! Whoa!
Whoa! [grunts]
[muffled] I'm okay.
Well, that's one way
to decorate a snowman.
[grunts]
[laughs]
[both laugh]
Okay, Alex. Let's get the food and treats
up to the Lookout.
Those pups have healthy appetites.
Careful, this walk is still sli-i-i-ppery!
Whoa! My hat!
[grunts] Got it, Grandpa!
[chuckles] Thanks, Alex.
I don't want to lose my lucky hat.
Grandpa, you're funny!
Whoa!
[grunts]
Grandpa, are you okay?
I'm good.
It'll take more than a rump bump
to slow me down.
Let's go!
[giggles] Rump bump!
-[engine starts]
-I'm a poet and didn't know it!
-[tires squeal]
-Slippery driveway!
Gotta be careful on these turns.
Whoa! Whoa!
[chuckles] See? Perfect parking!
It's kind of stuck!
[grunting]
[grunts]
[groaning]
Oh no!
My van!
Come back!
Yeah! Come back!
It's on the ice!
Cool!
Not so cool.
That ice can break.
Oh, yeah. We better get it!
Whoa! Ice is dangerous!
Never go out on the ice
without a grown-up.
[cracking]
[Mr. Porter] Oh no! My van!
If it breaks any more,
it will sink to the bottom of the bay!
The pups won't get their food.
Or treats!
[laughing]
[barking]
I'm going to tag you, Rubble!
[laughing]
I'm too fast for you!
You're it!
Oh!
[stomach growls]
I'm starving!
Me too.
Ryder said Mr. Porter is bringing
some super special treats.
Mmm!
[video game beeping]
[phone rings]
Ryder here.
Ryder, we, um, ran into a little bad luck
with the pup food delivery.
What kind of bad luck?
My van is sinking in the bay!
You have to help!
Uh-oh! That means the pup food too!
Don't worry.
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
[howls]
Let's go!
Whoa! Uh-oh!
[grunts]
[all barking]
-Oh boy.
-Oh no.
Look out!
Ah!
[grunts]
[all groan]
Made it!
[elevator dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
Okay, pups. This is bad.
Mr. Porter was on his way
to deliver your food
when his van rolled out onto the bay.
-Ah!
-[gasps]
On the ice?!
That's way bad!
Yeah, I haven't had lunch.
We have to save Mr. Porter's van
before it sinks into the bay.
We have to save the food.
I mean, the van.
[stomach growls]
Excuse me. My tummy is kind of worried.
[beeps]
Chase, I'll need you and your winch
to help pull the van out of the ice.
Chase is on the case!
[beeps]
Zuma, I'll need you to ride
your hovercraft out with me
to hook the winch onto the van.
Ready when you are, Ryder!
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-Yeah!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-Whoo, yeah!
Yay! [barks]
-♪ Chase! ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[siren blares]
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-Yes!
-♪ Zuma ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
[tires squeal]
[siren blares]
Hi, Ryder! Hi, pups!
Ryder, Ryder!
All your pups' food and treats
and everything are still in the van!
Somebody has to save it!
That's why we're here, Alex.
Oh yeah.
Well, I can't imagine
how Ryder can fix this.
If I attach the winch hook to the van,
Chase can pull it to shore.
But how will you get out there?
The ice isn't solid.
Zuma has a hovercraft
and my ATV can transform into one.
They float above the ice and water,
not on it.
Chase, you're on!
You got it, Ryder!
Activate winch. [barks]
-Ready, Zuma?
-You bet!
-[beeps]
-Life jacket, deploy!
Whoa. Check out all those cracks.
The ice is really thin.
Good thing the water's not too deep here.
I'll hook this to the bumper.
And Chase can pull
Mr. Porter's van back to dry land.
Careful, Ryder.
Whoa!
That looks scary.
And dangerous.
Good thing Ryder and Zuma have trained
for just this sort of job.
This ice won't hold for long.
It's all hooked up.
You did it!
Ryder, look out!
Uh-oh. I better get off this ice.
Whoa! Whoa!
[gasps]
Whoa!
Uh-oh.
Oh no! The ice cracked under Ryder!
How will he get to his ATV?
If I jump, I'll fall in the bay.
Zuma, your buoy!
I'm on it. Buoy! [barks]
Zuma, you're going to get me
back to my hovercraft.
-How?
-Back up very slowly.
Ryder, dude, you're ice boarding!
Hang on, almost there!
Whoa!
Faster!
Whoo-hoo! Nice boarding.
Thanks, Zuma.
Now let's get back to shore
before we get soaked.
Buoy, away! [barks]
Let's go save that van!
That was awesome!
I'm so happy you're okay.
Thanks, Alex.
Chase! Bring 'er in!
My van looks okay!
[laughs]
And the pup treats are safe.
Thanks to the PAW Patrol.
-Hip-hip…
-Hooray!
Grandpa, your lucky hat!
Thanks, Alex.
And thanks again, Ryder.
Whenever you're in trouble,
just yelp for help.
You pups were great today.
You all deserve…
[all] Treats!
[chuckles]
Here you go!
[barks]
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW Patrol ♪
♪ You're all good pups ♪
-♪ And we saved the day ♪
-[laughs]
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
-[laughing]
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
Mr. Porter--
[stomach growls]
Excuse me. But my tummy
just wanted to say, "Thank you."
-[all laugh]
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[theme music playing]